
  # Pontifex

  This is a code bundle for Pontifex. The original project is available at https://www.figma.com/design/BBsA2VhNNQrJ46217ommxx/Pontifex.

  ## Running the code

  Run `npm i` to install the dependencies.

  Run `npm run dev` to start the development server.

  
  ## Progress Report - 12/01/25

  ### What features did you complete?
  
  • `EncryptMode` Text based UI component created. User can write a message, then the program recognizes how many characters there are required to be generated in the keystream. Once necessary amount of keystream numbers generated, user is navigated to 'Add Modulo 26' flow. They can either go through this flow manually or can press auto-play to watch it played back.  
  
  • `DecryptMode` Text based UI component created functionality added to pre-key deck when decrypt mode starts so that the user can't shuffle the deck (wouldn't be able to since they would be receiving a keyed deck already)

  ### What bugs did you fix?

  • There were small functionalities like multiple places to generate a keystream which needed to be removed

  • Removed unecessary placeholder UI elements which had been generated by AI without specific prompting

  ### What compromises did you make?

  • The flows aren't perfect yet, there are still little UI bugs which I'm not worrying about at the moment to instead capture the overall flow

  • Currently, the encrypt mode cannot send the encrypted message to be decrypted, each of the flows us being used to illustrate the overall concept

  ### What still needs work?

  • Overall, another pass of removing unecessary UI elements generated as vibe coding byproduct.